Hi,



Welcome to Techkriti'12. This mail is to give you a
confirmation that you have been registered.



Your unique Techkriti ID is: TECH19335



Techkriti[http://www.techkriti.org] is the Annual Technology
and Entrepreneurship Festival of the Indian Institute of
Technology, Kanpur. Our motive has always been to encourage,
promote and make the aspirants aware of the technical and
entrepreneurial developments across the world. Being one of
the biggest festivals in India attended by more than 8000
students, we provide a platform to students to showcase
their talent and battle out against the best in the
business!



Techkriti this year brings along a number of marvelous new
initiatives that are sure to sway you away to new heights of
knowledge.



The flagship events of Techkriti this year are:



SocCon: The Social
Conquest[http://techkriti.org/#/competitions/soccon/soccon/]
- Introduced for the very first time, this event encourages
the young minds of India to look around in the society, pick
up a problem that concerns the people and find a
technological solution to that problem.



Wild Soccer
Championship[http://techkriti.org/#/competitions/wsc/wildsoccerchampionship/]
- Continuing from last year, this year the war between the
bots will be getting fiercer. And the bots would be playing
Unreal Tournament on the field.



IDEAS: The business plan
competition[http://techkriti.org/#/competitions/ideas/ideas/]
- Held on the lines of Harvard and Wharton B-Plan
competition with exquisite professionalism, elite judgment
panel, the Business Plan Competition invites entries and
after passing through three different stages of rigorous
evaluation, the best B-plan wins.



Workshops:[http://techkriti.org/#/workshops/] We have
witnesse a host of quality workshops such as NVIDIA CUDA
Workshop, Fuel Cell Workshop, Robotic Arm Workshop, Android
Workshop, Xilinx FPGA workshop. Hundreds of engineering
students from all over India come here to participate in
these workshops.



Along with world class competitions and workshops, we also
bring along World Class Exhibitions, World renowned speakers
and Professional shows that have captured the imagination of
audiences in the past. And this year, we are ready to take
you to an all new level of technological and entrepreneurial
experience.



Regards,
Team Techkriti'12
IIT Kanpur

Email: contact@techkriti.org[mailto:contact@techkriti.org]
Contact: 0512 - 259 4821
