Dear Google user,

We're getting rid of over 60 different privacy policies across Google
and replacing them with one that's a lot shorter and easier to read.
Our new policy covers multiple products and features, reflecting our
desire to create one beautifully simple and intuitive experience across
Google.

We believe this stuff matters, so please take a few minutes to read our
updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Service at
http://www.google.com/policies. These changes will take effect on
March 1, 2012.

One policy, one Google experience
__________________________________________________________________

Easy to work across Google

Our new policy reflects a single product experience that does what you
need, when you want it to. Whether reading an email that reminds you to
schedule a family get-together or finding a favorite video that you
want to share, we want to ensure you can move across Gmail, Calendar,
Search, YouTube, or whatever your life calls for with ease.

Tailored for you

If you're signed into Google, we can do things like suggest search
queries – or tailor your search results – based on the interests you've
expressed in Google+, Gmail, and YouTube. We'll better understand which
version of Pink or Jaguar you're searching for and get you those
results faster.

Easy to share and collaborate

When you post or create a document online, you often want others to see
and contribute. By remembering the contact information of the people
you want to share with, we make it easy for you to share in any Google
product or service with minimal clicks and errors.
__________________________________________________________________

Protecting your privacy hasn't changed

Our goal is to provide you with as much transparency and choice as
possible, through products like Google Dashboard and Ads Preferences
Manager, alongside other tools. Our privacy principles remain
unchanged. And we'll never sell your personal information or share it
without your permission (other than rare circumstances like valid legal
requests).

Understand how Google uses your data

If you want to learn more about your data on Google and across the web,
including tips and advice for staying safe online, check out
http://www.google.com/goodtoknow

Got questions? We got answers.

Visit our FAQ at http://www.google.com/policies/faq to read more
about the changes. (We figured our users might have a question or
twenty-two.)
__________________________________________________________________

Notice of Change

March 1, 2012 is when the new Privacy Policy and Terms will come into
effect. If you choose to keep using Google once the change occurs, you
will be doing so under the new Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.

Please do not reply to this email. Mail sent to this address cannot be
answered. Also, never enter your Google Account password after
following a link in an email or chat to an untrusted site. Instead, go
directly to the site, such as mail.google.com or
www.google.com/accounts. Google will never email you to ask for your
password or other sensitive information.

