

 <http://www.facebook.com/pages/Stuff-India/151551470466?utm_source=emailcampaign328&utm_medium=phpList&utm_content=textemail&utm_campaign=Explore+the+best+of+Mobile+World+Congress+in+the+STUFF+April+issue%2C+out+now%21>

 <http://www.facebook.com/pages/Stuff-India/151551470466?utm_source=emailcampaign328&utm_medium=phpList&utm_content=textemail&utm_campaign=Explore+the+best+of+Mobile+World+Congress+in+the+STUFF+April+issue%2C+out+now%21>

 Your next smartphone could be lurking in here

 STUFF was up close and personal at MWC 2012, and we got our hands on
some of the most breakthrough technology in the world of mobile
phones. Slicker screens, faster processors and a host of other
features you wouldn't even dream of, all in our MWC special! Pick up
the April issue for more than a sneak peek! 

 Win games & movies

 In the April issue of STUFF, we're giving away DIRT 3 (CompIete
Edition, PC version) and Blu-rays + DVDs of & Alvin and the Chipmunks:
Chipwrecked. So pick up your copy, participate and you can win! Good
luck!

 Icons of design

 There are gadgets, and then there are icons of design. In our cover
story for April, we pay homage to some of the most stunning
technological inventions to happen to the world. From fiendishly sexy
automobiles to super sleek gadgets for the home, we can't wait for you
to feast your eyes on this bounty of tech. Enjoy! 

 Premium compact cameras

 Don't want to lug that 3kg DSLR around? No sweat, we've rounded up
the best compact cameras money can buy, and they fight it out in the
Supertest. They're all dressed to kill, crammed with tech in their
small bodies, ready to take the next masterpiece. Which one wins? Pick
up the April issue to find out! 

 Travel tech for hassle-free commuting

 The daily commute wearing you out? Gear yourself up with our instant
upgrades and that daily road to hell will soon become a stairway to
heaven! Whether you take the train, bus or car to work, we've got
something for each of you. Now, have you met anyone else more
commuter-friendly than us! 

 PC speakers

 What makes endless hours of work bearable? Listening to our favourite
tunes while we slog away, that's what. Works for you too? Great,
â€˜cos we've got some of the coolest desktop speakers vying for your
attention in this test. From wacky to classic, boxy to slim, they
deliver sound worthy of your ears. Check the April issue of STUFF for
the winner! 

 Carbon fibre

 Extremely light and super solid, carbon fibre is a great substance to
craft gadgets from. Don't believe us? Then have a look at our design
section, where dazzling carbon-fibre marvels pose to take your breath
away. Haven't you heard? Black is the new black, and it's all in the
April issue of STUFF! 

 <http://www.haymarketsac.com/subscriptions.aspx?utm_source=emailcampaign328&utm_medium=phpList&utm_content=textemail&utm_campaign=Explore+the+best+of+Mobile+World+Congress+in+the+STUFF+April+issue%2C+out+now%21>

 Follow Us On:

 <http://twitter.com/stuff_india?utm_source=emailcampaign328&utm_medium=phpList&utm_content=textemail&utm_campaign=Explore+the+best+of+Mobile+World+Congress+in+the+STUFF+April+issue%2C+out+now%21>
<http://www.facebook.com/pages/Stuff-India/151551470466?utm_source=emailcampaign328&utm_medium=phpList&utm_content=textemail&utm_campaign=Explore+the+best+of+Mobile+World+Congress+in+the+STUFF+April+issue%2C+out+now%21>

 You are receiving this email as your email id is either registered
with us or the sender of this message feels that you might be
interested in receiving this message.

 To unsubscribe, please click here Unsubscribe
<http://haymarketsac.com/unsubscribe.asp?mgname=Stuff&utm_source=emailcampaign328&utm_medium=phpList&utm_content=textemail&utm_campaign=Explore+the+best+of+Mobile+World+Congress+in+the+STUFF+April+issue%2C+out+now%21>

 We respect your privacy and will not release data we've collected
from you to anyone.






-- powered by phpList, www.phplist.com --


